Ah!
Lord Zhang, why are you here? Why are you here?
Where is the forward
There is a purpose above
Why didn't the striker quickly step forward and stop?
Lord Zhang said Qin Qinfeng
Qin Feng's hidden in the execution ground
What are you doing?
You fool
You dare to move the person the Emperor likes
Are you impatient?
You Qin Feng, Qin Feng
Why are you suffering?
Sun Gongzi clearly gave you a chance
You are courting death yourself
You are so charming to your noble son
Aren't you afraid of the consequences of being known by His Majesty?
Why haven't the mother's people come yet?
I'm not going to roll over, am I?
Joke on top
his old man
Why would you pay attention to my little ninth grade?
What about the county magistrate? Besides, what are you?
Also delusional JD.com
What are you?
Ben Guang is too lazy to talk nonsense with you
Come wake up
Nonsense you will regret it
Hmph, keep these words to the King of Hell
cut
Stop
Hey, who are you?
Dare to stop this officer from executing
I'm Zhangzi, I don't care what your responsibility is
Dare to disturb the executioner
Somebody take it for me
Bold
This general is His Majesty's royal bodyguard
This time I was ordered to announce the decree
How dare you attack this general
Could it be that you want to rebel?
What edict